feature/add-action-result (#38)
fivetran/dbt_marketo_source: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_marketo_source v0.12.0
[PR #38](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_marketo_source/pull/38) includes the following updates:

## Feature

> - Added the `action_result` field to the `stg_marketo__activity_send_email` model to capture the result of email actions and enable filtering in downstream models.

Author: Updated!

> - Added the `action_result` field to the `stg_marketo__activity_send_email` model to capture the result of email actions and enable filtering in downstream models.

Author: I... forgot to push after committing.

# dbt_marketo_source v0.12.0
[PR #38](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_marketo_source/pull/38) includes the following updates:

## Breaking Change
- Added the `action_result` field in the `stg_marketo__activity_send_email` model to capture email action outcomes, allowing for filtering in downstream models.

>   - *Note:* If you have previously added this field via the `marketo__activity_send_email_passthrough_columns` variable, remove or alias it there to prevent duplicate column errors.

Author: ```suggestion
  - *Note:* If you have previously added this field via the `marketo__activity_send_email_passthrough_columns` variable, remove or alias it there to prevent duplicate column errors. See the [README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_marketo_source?tab=readme-ov-file#passing-through-additional-columns) for more details on working with passthrough columns.
```

>   - *Note:* If you have previously added this field via the `marketo__activity_send_email_passthrough_columns` variable, remove or alias it there to prevent duplicate column errors.

Author: Good call. Updated!

## Documentation Update
- Added `action_result` details to dbt documentation.

## Under the Hood
- Updated seed data to include `action_result`.

> - Updated the `marketo_activity_send_email_data` macro to support `action_result`.

Reviewer: I just noticed the macro name was incorrect here.
```suggestion
- Updated the `get_activity_send_email_columns` macro to support `action_result`.
```
